hey do you want a tech tip well good
news nexico sponsored another Series
where I will be giving out free Tech
tips all you've got to do is leave a
comment down below with your question
and I will respond to you in a future
short what are you waiting for go go do
it now and while I wait I'll be playing
some games with the new nexico gripon
it's an ergonomic not to mention stylish
way to play your switch games on the go
it includes a kickstand hall effect
joysticks a built-in Dock and it's even
got these two little slots for extra
game cards how cool is that but don't
get distracted leave a comment have you
guys done it yet I'll see you soon